Deprecate iOS BLE SDK (#36)
aws/amazon-freertos-ble-ios-sdk: README.md

# ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56273942/202568467-0ee721bb-1424-4efd-88fc-31b4f2a59dc6.png) DEPRECATED

## Announcement:
As of July 20th, 2023, this repository is deprecated. The contents of this repository will remain available but we will no longer provide updates or accept new contributions and pull requests. We recommend you start [here](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/q/integration/ios/) for creating interactions between an iOS device and AWS. For Bluetooth Low Energy APIs we recommend you start [here](https://developer.apple.com/bluetooth/).

> Since the initial release of this package, several new iOS version have release brining with them enhanced security and usability. AWS Amplify has also [release dozens of later versions](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/releases) of the [AWS SDK](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios) with many new features and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the initial release of this package, several new iOS version have released, bringing with them enhanced security and usability. AWS Amplify has also [released dozens of later versions](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/releases) of the [AWS SDK](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios) with many new features and bug fixes.
```

> Since the initial release of this package, several new iOS version have release brining with them enhanced security and usability. AWS Amplify has also [release dozens of later versions](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/releases) of the [AWS SDK](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios) with many new features and bug fixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the initial release of this package, several new iOS versions have been released bringing with them enhanced security and usability. AWS Amplify has also [released dozens of later versions](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/releases) of the [AWS SDK](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios) with many new features and bug fixes.
```

Author: These have since been fixed
